yeah talking to my mirror like i love
you so much
curving all my critics like i heard you
so what
you can't kill my confidence i think i'm
the myth
tally all the [__] i ever gave on my
head
[Music]
all right what's up y'all rob here
square wheels you asked and
i delivered so this past weekend i
completed the install
of the lighting trends led flow series
day running lights on my infiniti q50
i documented everything i'm gonna walk
you through the process i went through
to opening the headlights up and
probably follow these steps if you want
to
paint the interior parts of your
headlights like i did
and then obviously the whole
installation of the
day running lights kit and the wiring uh
in the car
i covered everything end to end i'm
going to add chapters in the bottom
so if you feel free to jump ahead at any
step
also i just kind of made this thing work
right so there's no real good
documentation no real steps to follow
so if you know any better than i did at
any of these steps
please feel free to let the community
know down in the comments
also this isn't my last headlight
project this is actually just my second
headlight project
so i'm planning on going back in maybe
experimenting with a different headlight
controller
maybe configuring some startup
animations um
some sequentials anything that you guys
are interested in
let me know down in the comments and
i'll feature them in a
future video thanks for checking me out
if you haven't already like and
subscribe
thanks so much
[Music]
so as i mentioned before this isn't the
first time that i opened up a set of
headlights so
on this q50 a few months ago i opened
them up i painted all the internals and
i frosted the crest and brows
the whole reason that i'm doing this now
is because after doing that they weren't
as bright as i wanted them to be
so with this install i got some nice
bright
white leds and then i also have added
bonus of all these animations
now honestly i probably won't be using
these animations
uh very frequently but it's a cool you
know little added bonus that
that i appreciate
all right to get this project started
you're gonna need to take
the bumper off so you'll be able to see
as i go through this process
um kind of strategically working my way
around the headlight
just removing things that i need to
remove in order to get it free
first step is jacking up the vehicle so
you can
get to the bolts underneath the bumper
[Music]
all right once i got the vehicle secured
i'm popping the hood and
you can see i'm starting to work around
the trim directly around the headlights
removing
any bolts that i see with a 10
millimeter
uh socket a lot of these uh plastic
trims are just held in with these
uh little rivets and you're probably
really familiar with this if you've
removed your bumper or change your
filters before
i'm spelling if i got it then she got it
tell us
this trim here pops up all you need to
do is
uh pull it kind of straight up just be
careful not to break anything but
pretty durable and then under here
you'll see
one bolt that holds your headlight in
position
again just a 10 millimeter socket here
[Music]
all right here's another reason why we
lifted the vehicle uh what we're going
to want to do is get behind this plastic
fender liner here
and what you'll find is there's another
10 millimeter bolt
that is holding the bumper to the
car just remove that carefully make sure
you save that clip otherwise you're
gonna look like all the nissan and
infinity guys that have removed their
bumpers before that every time they walk
by their car they have to
hit it with their knee to get it back in
place
all right once you got those bolts and
clips removed you should be able to
start prying your bumper away if you
ever feel any resistance make sure you
stop there's probably another screw that
you need to find to
free it up uh don't forget the bumper
bolts underneath
uh the bumper yours may look a little
different than mine because i've got a
toll booth
willie um under tray here aluminum under
tray but you're gonna
want to remove all these bolts that hold
the bumper to your under tray
um and once you've done this you should
start feeling the bumper getting pretty
loose and i get some bears
um if you're feeling the bumper get
loose you may want to get a friend to
help support
don't be an idiot like i did and drop
your bumper and you can put some towels
down so you're not scratching your paint
once your bumper's free uh disconnect
those any wiring that you've got to your
fog lights or to your turn signals
i'm sure everybody's got them they're
just little clips you can use your
screwdriver to
push the pin down and remove them and
once that wiring
is disconnected you should be free to
carry your bumper away somewhere safe
[Music]
all right with the bumper gun you're
just going to want to keep up the
process and keep removing
these 10 10 millimeter bolts until the
headlight is free
you'll find them kind of strategically
placed all around the headlight and the
more you remove
the more the headlight will start
getting loose and you'll be able to
start pulling it out
[Music]
all right milestone here there's only
one
real harness that holds the headlight
and all the wiring for it
and there's one little tab that holds
that harness on it's kind of a pain in
the butt
it really helps to pull the headlight
out flip it upside down
see that tab and push that tab down with
a screwdriver and then the headlight
should be free to come out
all right now that we got the headlights
out of the car and into our work area
we can start getting them ready to bake
and uh remove the lenses so we can get
to those internal components
[Music]
now there's just two things we need to
be sure of before we put these things in
the oven
one is make sure that there's no wires
or any multiple components that
are exposed and two is make sure that
we get all the screws uh out of the
headlights
that will hold the lens on because as
soon as it comes out of the oven what
we're going to want to do
is separate the lens from the rest of
the body so we can
you know pull it away and get to those
insides
[Music]
is
all right this is an important step here
before you turn
the oven on make sure you test fit your
headlight
in the oven and make sure that nothing
plastic and nothing visible
is touching any metal components i
learned this the hard way when i baked
my g37 headlights
i ended up melting a part of the lens
and it didn't look very good so
important step make sure you test fit uh
these headlights in your oven before you
turn the oven on and set any heat on it
all right once you test fit you got your
positioning you can take it out
and set your oven
set it to 275 degrees and i have to sit
tight while it gets up to temperature
once it does you set your timer for
seven minutes and you go ahead
and pop the headlight in the oven the
exact
same way that you test fitted it and
again make sure that nothing plastic
is touching anything metal
[Music]
while it's in the oven you want to pop
on some gloves because it's going to be
hot when it gets out uh you also want to
make sure that you've got
a screwdriver or some kind of pry tool
handy
um this is going to help you kind of
separate the lens away from the
body of the headlight and we'll talk you
through that as soon as this thing comes
out of the oven
[Music]
all right sitting tight and waiting and
that's looking good enough let's get it
out
[Music]
all right what you're going to want to
do is be as quick as possible you want
to maintain this heat and keep that
sealant nice and gooey so it'll be
really easy to separate
the lens from the body so i'm going
right to my workshop putting this down
on a table
and setting right to kind of prying it
apart
now when you're prying just make sure
that you're not
applying too much pressure in one spot
you don't want to
bend the plastic enclosure so i use kind
of the broad side of the screwdriver
and just made it real kind of
generalized pressure as i'm prying apart
and i kind of just focused on the
corners anything that
was going to make it easier for me to
kind of hand pry these
lenses apart
on a new couch with my chucks on get the
[__] on with that
bit cool on a small chat cause i know
now that i'm all that got a hot guy on
the ball can't get the [__] out of my
face
huh talking to my mirror like i love you
so much
carving all my critics like i heard you
so what
you can't kill my confidence
on my head
[Music]
i'm starting to make some progress here
so you can see it's really just pulling
you know to break that that seal and
once
you you know break the seal just keep on
pulling as long as you got all those
screws out it'll be
relatively easy you just gotta do
consist consistent pressure on it
and uh let's get into this other side
and
good guy that is so satisfying once that
gets out
so our next step here is disconnecting
all the uh
oe connectors to these components uh
you don't really need to remember which
one goes where because there's only one
way for them to go back together
all these are going to have to go back
once you
close the headlight up because not none
of this gets affected by your install
now here's another major key so to pull
the
interior headlight components away from
its enclosure
there's these two bolts right here
and the key right here is to loosen them
a little bit at a time and alternate
until those two
screws are completely loose you can't do
it all
one screw at a time or else you're going
to be fighting against yourself and it's
going to be really
difficult to get them separated so just
keep alternating
a couple turns on each of them and
[Music]
that should um remove it and then
there's going to be one more
bolt kind of opposite these two the key
to that one
is there's two tiny little tabs on it
that are preventing it from
coming through that sleeve if you
depress
those two tabs are on opposite sides of
each other then
the interior part of this headlight
enclosure comes right out
from this point once we're we've got
this uh
the headlight assembly out we're just
you know removing screws again so
you remove the four screws on the back
of the headlight enclosure
and then there's a couple other screws
that keep this metal heatsink in place
you just keep removing screws and this
thing will start falling apart just
remember how you did it because you're
gonna have to do everything backwards to
put it back together
[Music]
this is pretty much it so once you've
hit this point you've got everything
apart that you need to in order to paint
your interior assembly and also
frost your crested brows if you're
looking for information on that uh shoot
me a message it's really simple all
you're doing is
you know scratching it down and uh
painting it or frosting it
um so there's not really too much to it
the hardest part is really just
pulling everything out and getting it
assembled be patient
if you're painting that's one more major
key
[Music]
all right so let's talk this retrofit
kit so this is the
lighting trends uh kit um
[Music]
i'll link it in the description but one
thing that i found frustrating about
this whole process was that even on the
website it didn't let you know
exactly what you were going to get it
didn't let you know how many components
were involved it didn't let you know
how you're supposed to run power or you
know
what what actual elements are required
to make up a complete
kit so as i unbox this like it was
completely a learning experience i
didn't know what went where i didn't
know what plugged into what
but i want to walk you through today so
at least there's some stake in the
ground that
you know you guys can refer to if you
guys want to do this yourself
[Music]
so one thing i did know was that i was
going to want to test all this stuff
before i actually installed in the car
just to make sure it worked so what i
did was got this power unit off of
amazon and basically what this does is
converts
you know wall power to dc power and it
puts out 12 volts of electricity
just like your car would so this allows
you to test all the
leds everything that comes in the kit
just to make sure that it works and
understand how everything works together
too
[Music]
okay so let's dig in i've hooked up
power from my amazon use it
to the wiring from the lighting trends
it has a positive and a ground
and the positive is a fused cable which
is really nice
and this goes to the first unit which is
the power supply you can tell it's a
power supply because it's got a heat
sink on it
from the power supply you provide power
to
what's called the control unit and this
is the
lighting trends flow series control unit
and it's got
four outputs on it
those four outputs go to any of those
led components you get like the eyebrows
or the crescent or
you know halos whatever you want to do
you can hook up to these four channels
and this actually included splitters so
you can actually have multiple
components on a single channel which is
cool
now the last thing that comes off the
power unit is
a align for the bluetooth controller
and i thought this was really cool
because i i've got a couple of these
bluetooth controllers
it's the sp-110e it's usually
used for like uh home automation you
know your
your counter lights and all all that
stuff um but you know it's a cheap 10
bluetooth unit but basically this is
what you're going to use to control your
lights
uh from you know the app on your phone
or your
you know whatever device so the
bluetooth unit talks to the control unit
and tells all the leds what's
what to do
[Music]
that's pretty much all there is to it i
mean it's not it's not uh
brain surgery it's not rocket science
it's just these units that need to
uh play together basically to make your
uh headlights work so
where it gets interesting is kind of
plugging all this stuff in
and making sure that it's secure in your
car
all right so now's the exciting part so
what i'm doing here is
fitting the eyebrow on the top of
the driver's side headlight
now this looks like a standard 18 inch
strip
of led all the leds are
placed pretty closely together on the
lighting trends kit which is really nice
it also comes with this white diffusion
which really helps to hide each of the
individual leds and make it look like a
nice solid bar of light
really cool
i can see that the light goes all the
way across and i'm gonna need to find
some way
for it to sit flush but still have the
power wire
uh come through so what i'm gonna do is
drill a hole in this
um just wide enough that i'll be able to
run
the actual wire through and then have
the rest of the
you know factory eyebrow sit on top of
this
and have a nice clean look
i'm not really worried about drilling
anything uh because
no matter what i put the factory eyebrow
right back on top of this so even if i
take everything out and go all the way
back to stock
this eyebrow will hide everything it'll
look all the same to anybody that's
even looking really closely at the
headlight
[Music]
now i know i could use the dremel for
this but honestly i couldn't find the
tools
and the drill just worked just fine
[Music]
so
so now that i got this position on the
wire side
i'm stripping off the uh backing from
that 3m adhesive and i'm just going to
stick it in place right
at the eyebrow spot on the headlight
so it's sitting down real nice which is
good
or so we'd think so we see me here doing
a bit more fiddling
on the inside of the headlight
because of that oh so distinctive dip
down
so what we see here is that the led
strip is actually pretty rigid
so it's really hard to maneuver it
around this corner i talked to some
people after i did this
and it turns out that they didn't even
bother you know
making it go down the curve so you know
consider that when you're going through
this what i ended up doing was
um cutting some of that diffuser to make
it a bit more flexible
and then pushing you know it down and
using adhesive to make it stick and go
through the curve
[Music]
this is one of those moments though
where i'm really looking for help
because i wouldn't mind going back in
here
this didn't come out perfect so if
anyone's got any pointers on this please
hit me down in the comments as you can
see i got this all fitted and back
together
but the factory eyebrow doesn't click
back into place so if you're looking
really closely you can see that it's not
you know a perfect install
anyway if you're close enough to see my
flaws you're too close man
so i tried things a little differently
with the passenger
eyebrow so i could tell that i was
having fitment issues because the
diffusion was so thick that it really
made it hard for the oe
eyebrow to fit on top of it so what i
did right off the bat
was i decided to make it not as fat
[Music]
so i carefully got a razor and i
actually cut the led strip
out of the diffusion panel just to see
how it would look
um you know because i already frosted my
eyebrows i figured i might get
a nice solid looking line anyway so
i carefully cut the diffusion off of the
led strip
and pull the led strip completely out of
it and
try to fit it just with no diffusion at
[Music]
all
two it actually turned out fitting
pretty nicely and sitting pretty nicely
but i could still kind of see that uh
there are some dots you can't really see
it in the video but you can see the
individual leds just a little bit more
than you could
with the full diffusion on there so
i decided to just make both my
headlights match
and put the diffusion uh back on i
didn't put the entire thing on so i
still
use the led strip and then i just used
adhesive to stick it to
the headlight itself and then i took the
top layer diffusion
and just put it on top with some super
glue
a couple spots along the entire line and
that made it sit pretty nice so this way
i was able to
get the leds in place get the diffusion
in place and still put the factory
eyebrow on top
and my fitment was a lot better on the
passenger side
[Music]
uh
um
[Music]
all right next up we've got the crescent
i already showed you how to take
the crescent out of the headlight
enclosure
so this is just the last step it's only
held on by a couple steps
and the factory crescent is really just
kind of like a strip of about five or
six
leds that's plugged into the factory
harness
just unplug that
and then what you're going to want to do
is grab the
lighting trends crescent and it's
basically in the exact same shape
so what you're going to want to do is
just put
that crescent strip exactly in the exact
same spot where the oe
one was and if you do it correctly then
all the led
lights will line up and shine into the
crescent and illuminate your crescent
really easy just put the old one or put
the new one
in where the old one came out now i
didn't even realize this when i did the
driver's side headlight but these
uh lighting trends crescents they
actually come with adhesive on there so
it's
it looks like kind of 3m backing if you
peel the pat the backing it'll stick in
place but
i haven't had any issues like not using
the adhesive
um so you know do whatever you want
[Music]
so that's it y'all like the crazy hard
part is pretty much done
now you can start you know putting
things back together
um just making sure that your wires or
wires for the aftermarket drl boards are
all kind of situated together so they
can run out
the back of the headlight
[Music]
all right this step is totally optional
you know use the chapters and jump ahead
if you don't care about it but whenever
i got the headlights out of the car i
always like to
refinish the surface of the headlights
um it usually gets rid of all the rock
chips and any scratches that i might
have got on there
and have a nice clean surface you know
for
uh clearing what that entails is
basically
just wet sanding it so you start with a
thousand grit
and you get like nice and hazed up get
all the clear coat off of the surface of
the lens
and then you increase your grit you get
some 2000 smooth it out get it nice and
hazy
3000 smooth it out get it nice and hazy
and you just hit it with a polisher and
your
surface is like glass so i do this every
time it's outside of the car
just so i'm not you know accidentally
messing up any of my paint work